He is the ancestor of Lei Yinzong
Humph
Hum hum hum
That's the power of a half win
For the sake of the personal relationship between your ancestor and the old man
Leave quickly
The old man can ignore the anger Xuanyin Sect Xiaoyao vine
If you are sensible, leave quickly
otherwise
Your Xuanyin Sect will inevitably be destroyed today
Even if it is destroyed
Xuanyin Sect will not abandon Tianzong either
The old man has given you a chance
From now on, Xuanyin Sect will destroy the sect
Thunder Cloud Ancestor wants to destroy Tianzong
You are not good enough
A little gas training labor language
The old man will let you see today
How did this old man destroy your Tianzong?
Master, run away
This is a saint-level powerhouse
It's too late.
All-out strike
There is no life in a hundred miles
Yun Cong is doomed
Hahahaha
Tianzong can't run away today
Hahahahaha
What!